I'm going to guess you're familiar with
the classic marketing funnel idea.
There's two sides to it. One is how
people experience their customer journey
and the other is how marketers
themselves kind of craft their funnel to
expose people to their brand and content
and ideas and then slowly over time you
know uh get them to become customers and
buy something. So this is this is that
first one. And this is talking about the
customer journey where you discover you
have a problem or an interest or
passion. Then you become a more aware of
that space, you experience the problem
and then you try and seek out a solution
to it. This would be the the marketing
funnel equivalent from the marketer's
side, which is, you know, you expose
people to the problem they're
experiencing. You hope that they
discover you and your brand and your
content, and then in consideration
phase, you're sort of competing against
the rest of the field to try and earn
people's attention. And then finally you
convert them to the sale. So I let's
check let's make this a real example.
Here's uh one of my favorite companies.
This is Benedto Cavalieri. They're a
pasta maker in Pulya which is the far
south of Italy. And Benetto Cavalieri
makes my absolute favorite pasta in the
world. It's this super thick spaghetti.
Let's see if it's on their protoi
page. See uh spaonyi. So spaonyi. it.
It's super thick and as a result it
takes like 18 minutes to cook. They say
16 to 17 minutes. So you're you know
you're boiling it for a really long time
but when it comes out the the taste and
texture is just perfect. It's super al
dente. I I absolutely love it. Goes
great with all these sauces and Benedto
Cavalieri right when they're in the
discovery and awareness making people
aware of the brand. The way they made me
of the aware of their brand was they
worked with a bunch of chefs and
influencers people who wrote cookbooks
and when these people tried when these
these chefs right these experienced
foodies tried Benedto Cavalieri it it
was a huge smashing success. In fact uh
I think several cookbooks that I own
pasta cookbooks that I own say
specifically you should go seek out this
brand of pasta because it's the best one
if you're going to use dried pasta in
your recipes. I I have given Bento
Cavalieri to dozens of friends. Like
I've sent them a you know gift box. It's
expensive, right? It's like it's like 10
bucks for a a you know thing of Spaatoni
instead of you know maybe four bucks at
the store. Maybe three bucks if you if
you get a really cheap brand. So it's
like three times as much. Very
expensive. But the quality is
incredible. And what's really
interesting, what's really interesting
that I think a lot of marketers don't
necessarily think about and should is
the how these different phases mean that
you need to make different investments.
Let's say for example that at the
exposure phase or discovery phase,
Benedto Cavayieri was was suffering and
struggling like they didn't have enough
sort of brand awareness. There's just
not enough demand for them. People don't
know to compare them against other
products. They're not a particularly
well-known brand. I think outside of
Italy and and maybe they should be, but
that challenge is fundamentally
different. That requires the kinds of
things they were doing. You know, the PR
efforts, the influencer efforts, getting
chefs to try their pasta, working with
restaurants and recipe writers to
include their uh their brand. that that
is a fundamentally a totally different
task than down here in conversion phase
where they are doing essentially what's
what's happening here which is bidding
on you know brand names trying to get I
think if you go to you know for example
uh Amazon and you search for spa
spaonyi spaoni is just like thick
spaghetti well I actually don't see them
well okay yeah I did I did purchase that
I don't remember spending $128, but I
maybe I did. Um, and and these right
these types of ads that is taking
already existing demand for a brand and
trying to convert it to sales, which
which is a totally fine thing to do, but
very different. The way I think about
content creation and marketing and you
know which channels to invest in things
like PR and social media, these videos
that I do, the content that we create on
Spark Toro, that is all exposure and
discovery. It is almost none of it is
consideration and conversion. In fact,
right now we're making our very first
effort. It's the first time ever we're
going to be doing some paid performance
marketing. And here's my belief. My
belief is what happens up here is
through content, through what SEO, uh,
social media, even email subscriptions,
through events, through conferences,
through PR, all those channels are great
for this stuff up at the top and then
you've essentially created this demand.
Now there's a lot of people who are
like, "Yeah, I've heard of Benedetto
Cavalieri or in our case Spark Toro."
And maybe maybe when I get to my buying
consideration and conversion phase,
that's when performance style
advertising, right, the kind of thing
that happens here is actually quite
useful. I think it really pays to
understand this and how these two
dynamics work together because if you
are struggling with not enough sort of
brand impressions, not enough demand for
your product, the problem that you
solve, you might be shooting yourself in
the foot by investing in this stuff
instead of this stuff. These are two
different things. If you've built up a
bunch of awareness and attention and
brand recognition and familiarity and
trust, then you probably should do some
investing in performance marketing to to
take those folks from consideration to
conversion.